# Deep-Learning-in-Credit-Derivatives-Valuation

**Machine Learning** 

This directory contains the code for running MLP and DML models.  
**mlp_index.ipynb** reads a pre-trained MLP model for CDS Index and can be executed out-of-the box once /data/index_priced.csv.zip is unpacked.  
**mlp_option.ipynb** reads a pre-trained MLP model for CDS Option and can be executed out-of-the box once /data/option_priced.csv.zip is unpacked.  
**dml_autodiff_index.ipynb** reads a pre-trained DML model for CDS Index and can be executed out-of-the box once /data/index_priced_fd.csv.zip is unpacked.  
**dml_autodiff_option.ipynb** reads a pre-trained DML model for CDS Option and can be executed out-of-the box once /data/index_priced_fd.csv.zip is unpacked.  


**DataProcessing**   

This directory contains code for generating the CDS Index and CDS Option contract data tables using historical data as a guide.
It is not necessary to regenerate this data again in order to run the Machine Learning python scripts above.

**Main.R** can be used to re-generate raw CDS Index and CDS Option contract data (raw as in the ground truth prices have not been added yet)  


**CreditPricer**  

This directory contains the Julia package CreditPricer that can be used to calculate the ground truth prices and price gradients wrt inputs.  

Prices and Price senstivities are generated by executing the code in CreditPricer/example/main.jl  
The DataProcessing code must be run first.  
The outputs of the Julia code are the inputs to the python deep learning models in the **Machine Learning** code directory.  


